(This series is made
for entertainment purposes only.
Characters, behaviors, places,
agencies, occupations,
and events in the series are fictional.
It is not intended
to encourage any actions shown in the series.
Viewer discretion is advised.)
♪ The sky... that looks so vast, ♪
♪ with the sea that I see as vast. ♪
♪ Just looking at the waves every day.
There's no way we'll meet. ♪
♪ Our hearts... that beat together. ♪
♪ But the world never listens. ♪
♪ It's just a parallel line waiting for a miracle. ♪
♪ Even though in reality... there are many rules.
That doesn't allow us to be together. ♪
♪ But love is about you and me.
It's not anyone's. ♪
♪ No need to tell the world that we love each other. ♪
(Love each other.)
♪ Don't tell anyone and make it complicated. ♪
(Complicated.)
♪ Let you be my world. ♪
(My world.)
♪ Let us live in a new world together. ♪
(A new world together.)
♪ No need to tell the world that we are a couple. ♪
(Couple.)
♪ Because it's not important. ♪
(What is important?)
♪ As long as we have the same feelings. ♪
♪ As long as you're with me, ♪
♪ as long as we love each other. ♪
(as long as we love each other.)
♪ No need to tell anyone. ♪
"Lover Merman"
(Episode 7)
(Previously)
It's not just a near miss,
I think I'm about to collide
with you for real.
Ping,
I think we should keep some distance for now.
But I'm sorry...
for crossing the line too much.
Didn't you say you wanted to
recheck your own feelings first?
Maybe
I was just trying to use him to replace Namhom.
You're not trying to avoid me, are you?
Yes,
I really am avoiding you.
From now on,
I'll personally take charge of Nawa's safety.
Are you sure it's okay
for you to sneak out at this hour?
But I couldn't stand missing you anymore.
I still want to be with you.
Nawa,
If you walk away with him right now,
you'll never see me again.
Can I talk to you Phraphai alone?
I'm sorry, Phraphai,
for talking to you this way…
I've fallen in love with Mr. Phurit.
Please let me follow my heart.
Huh?
Who came looking for me?
You told me
you had a huge fight with Ping.
My guess is…
he's probably just feeling hurt.
I think maybe…
tonight, or tomorrow, he might...
It has to be tonight.
If I don't see Ping tonight…
I'll never see him again.
Never see him again?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean it has to be tonight?
Today's gonna be rough.
Ping's off, and Nawa's not here either.
I don't get your mom.
Why'd she have to take Nawa out
for errands today?
Tonight's a full moon.
Ma'am...
is Ping a merman?
If you manage to reach Ping,
please call me right away.
My brother's a merman too.
I know what happens
if they don't purge the poison tonight.
If you tell me the truth,
it might help me find him faster.
Ma'am…
There's something I need to confess.
I'm in love with your son.
And honestly, this is something
I should be saying to him,
not to you.
But right now,
I don't care if Ping's human
or merman,
I just don't want him to disappear.
If I never get to tell him this myself,
I'll hate myself for the rest of my life.
It's my fault…
It's all my fault.
Please, calm down, ma'am.
Please calm down first.
What matters is finding Ping.
You can tell me everything in the car.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Dad!
Who did this to you?
Who?
Was it the humans?
I'll handle this myself.
Calm down, Phraphai.
What happened to your father
has nothing to do with the concession deal.
What do you mean by that, Grandpa?
The humans who came to hunt mermen,
the headman already dealt with them.
The person who killed him…
was someone your father
had business conflicts with.
Let the police handle it by the law.
Grandpa Samut,
stop defending those damn humans!
Didn't you see?
They killed my father!
Just tell me who it was,
I'll show them not to mess with mermen.
The one who killed your father
was a merman.
You should've known your father better.
Before you came,
we found proof
of all the terrible things
he'd done to the culprit.
They're not so different.
Now,
if you're truly choosing not to seek revenge,
then
there's something you should know…
about what happened 20 years ago.
I was so happy today.
We spent the whole day together.
Nawa.
Where are you going?
Are you not feeling well?
Tonight…
there's somewhere I need to go.
Where? Let me go with you.
It's fine.
I'll be quick, I'll come right back.
Are you hiding something from me?
You know what hurts me the most?
That even you treat me like an outsider.
You never tell me anything,
you never let me understand.
Mr. Phurit.
If I tell you the truth,
can you promise me one thing?
Promise you won't leave me.
Nawa…
I don't know
what you're about to tell me,
but I promise
I'll stay by your side no matter what.
Nawa!
Back off.
I don't have time to explain!
Phraphai!
Calm down!
What's wrong with Nawa?
You're going to kill Nawa.
Phraphai.
My father just passed away today.
I can't lose you too.
I think we should keep some distance for now.
I feel like we've gotten too close.
I'm worried about what people might think.
Ping!
Phana!
I've been looking everywhere for you.
Your mom came to the shop
and told me everything.
My mom?
She's so worried about you, you know?
Can I ask you something straight?
Since the day I was born,
have you ever loved me?
If you hate me that much,
why don't you just kill me?
If I walk out of your life right now,
will that make you happy?
Go wherever you want.
I don't want anything to do with you anymore.
That's impossible.
She feels guilty, Ping.
The moment she realized
you might never come back,
she finally understood.
She realized you've always been her everything.
I'm sorry, Ping.
For avoiding you,
for being cold to you.
Actually,
I just wanted to be sure
of my feelings toward you.
I want to be able to say confidently
that you're not a replacement for anyone.
But because…
I really do love you.
I love you so much.
Even if it took me too long to realize.
I love you so much, Ping.
Phana…
when you said my mom
told you everything…
Does that mean you know that I...
That you're a merman?
I don't know if you know
that Nawa's a merman too.
So you already knew, huh.
You know, to me,
there's no real difference between
mermen and humans.
We're just born in different kinds.
But it is because of the stories
from the past that we have heard,
that made me believe
our kinds shouldn't love each other.
That's why I kept trying to keep
Phurit and Nawa apart.
But...
once it happened to me…
I stopped caring about all that.
I just want you to stay by my side.
Don't disappear again.
Are you sure, Phana?
Yeah.
Go cleanse off the poison,
then come back with me.
Your mom's waiting for you too.
Give me another chance, for me, for her,
and for yourself.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?
On this island,
there are still a lot of
complicated things going on
and I can't tell you everything.
I believe they really once
lived here on Khen Island.
But probably not anymore.
And I also believe that
mermen and humans can never coexist.
They say there are still mermen living
among us on Khen Island.
They look and act just like humans.
Do no one can tell the difference.
On the night before the full moon,
every mermaid shows an
eight-pointed star mark on their body.
Before the full moon night?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Did you get a tattoo?
If they stay in human form
for too long,
marks begin to appear on their bodies,
like tattoos.
Before the full moon night.
Those marks I mentioned
are a warning.
It means their blood is turning poisonous.
And during that time,
they must not mate with anyone.
They have to dive deep into the ocean
on the night of the full moon
and cleanse their blood with coral.
If they don't,
they'll be trapped in mermen form forever.
Mr. Phurit.
If I tell you the truth,
can you promise me one thing?
Promise you won't leave me.
Honestly,
I'd love to see you swim, Ping.
You'd be beautiful.
What's the matter?
That's strange.
Never thought I'd hear something like this.
I used to think of myself as a monster.
From now on, don't think that again.
To me,
you're the most beautiful thing.
And I want you to see yourself that way too.
When you called my mom
and told her you found me…
did she say anything?
She just kept thanking me.
I told her to go home and rest,
and I'd bring you home tomorrow.
What's on your mind?
I don't know.
I don't know if I can believe it.
Ever since my dad died,
my mom and I have grown more distant.
In the past,
it always felt like she found me disgusting.
I don't know
what happened between you two,
but I believe that from now on,
she's not the same person she was before.
Thank you.
What's going on, Phu?
What happened, Phu?
You knew that Nawa's a merman, right?
Yeah. You found out already?
Then why the hell didn't you tell me?
Why not?
- Why?
- Mr. Phurit, please calm down!
I can't calm down, Ping!
Why, Phana?
What the hell am I to you?
You're my friend, you idiot!
Friend?
A friend wouldn't do this!
If I had told you that Nawa's a merman,
would you have believed me?
Even if you did,
do you think revealing this
won't have any repercussions?
Officail Website : kissasian.be  Translate by =Qari= @Team Viki
Phu,
I get it.
But you need to calm down.
Ping,
give us a moment.
Okay.
Come here. Calm down.
Sit down.
I promise
I'll tell you everything.
But first
tell me what happened.
Nawa and I were together all day.
Then suddenly, a few hours ago,
Nawa started acting strange,
like he was sick.
He said
he had to go out right away.
Are you not feeling well?
Tonight…
there's somewhere I need to go.
Where? Let me go with you.
It's fine.
I'll be quick, I'll come right back.
Then out of nowhere,
Phraphai showed up and took Nawa with him.
Phraphai, calm down first.
You're going to kill Nawa.
Phraphai.
My father just passed away today.
I can't lose you too.
I followed them to the beach.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?
And I saw everything, Phana.
I'm sorry
for keeping this from you all this time.
Part of what's happening, it's my fault too.
I've known Nawa since we were kids.
His parents worked for my family.
When the resort first opened,
We knew from the start
that his family were merfolk.
But we never feared
or despised them.
We even helped hide it.
But 20 years ago,
humans started hunting mermen.
Some to sell in the black market,
some kill out of hatred.
This act of cruelty
victimized Nawa's parents.
Since I was a child,
I was instilled with the idea that
I must protect Nawa like my own brother.
That's why I stopped you two
from being together.
Even though we're close,
I was terrified of
what would happen if you found out.
I didn't want you to get hurt.
I didn't want my brother to get hurt.
But after experiencing it,
my mindset has changed too.
Yes, Ping's a merman too.
If you're angry,
if you hate us for it
I understand.
You know what?
This is the first time in my life
I don't know what to think.
I don't even know
what I want anymore.
When I got home…
my father already passed away.
And it was all because of humans.
I didn't know what to do.
It felt like I'd lost everything.
I'm really sorry…
about Uncle Chan.
Nawa,
my father's death
made me realize something,
I can't lose someone I love ever again.
Especially not you, Nawa.
No matter what, I'll protect you.
Nawa…
Please,
from now on,
come live with me.
I promise,
I'll take care of you with everything I have.
I know you love Phurit a lot,
but there's something you should know,
when he saw what we really are,
he was terrified.
He ran away from us.
He looked at us like we were monsters.
I don't ever want to see anyone
look at you that way again.
I tried to keep it from Phurit.
I thought maybe one day, if I was ready,
I'd tell him everything.
But it's too late now I guess.
He probably doesn't even want
to see me anymore.
No human could ever truly love
a mermen like us.
So from now on, I'll live with you.
It's okay.
I'll take care of you.
Everything's going to be fine, trust me.
I won't go in with you
because I wanted you and your mom
to have some time together.
Okay.
You should go back and check on Phurit.
What about Phana? He's not joining us?
He had something to take care of.
Sit down,
I just have one last dish to finish.
If I could make just one wish…
I wish I could have a meal
with Mom happily just once.
Eat it before it gets cold.
I couldn't remember what you liked,
so I made a bit of everything.
I can eat anything, Mom.
Mom…
Hmm?
For the things I said before,
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
If I were you,
I might've done the same.
But I want you to know something.
No matter what happened,
I never wanted to kill you.
Because you're my son after all.
In the past,
I was the one
who failed to be a good mother.
Ping.
Can I ask you for something?
Please give me another chance
to be your mom properly, just once.
It must have been so hard
for you all this time.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I love you, my son.
I love you too, Mom.
Damn it, Phu.
At least take a shower first.
I already told everyone
the bar's closed today.
If you want to drink yourself stupid,
go ahead.
Phana, hello.
Phraphai.
I saw your car outside, so I came in.
There's something important
I need to tell you.
Something important?
From now on,
Nawa won't be working here anymore.
He asked me to tell you himself.
He had to quit?
I believe Mr. Phurit has already
told you what happened.
After everything,
Nawa's decided he won't hide
his identity anymore.
He's choosing to live with his own kind.
Nawa's going to stay with me.
Wait, Phraphai,
I want Nawa to talk to me
about this himself.
My father passed away recently…
and it was all because of humans.
I don't want that kind of tragedy
to happen to my people ever again.
What? Headman Chan passed away?
Yes.
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
Just please understand me.
Nawa deserves to be
with someone who can protect him,
not someone who hurt him.
Anyway, thank you,
for taking such good care
of him all this time.
And you...
But from now on, let's live separately.
Stay out of Nawa's life.
If you don't, I'll collide into you.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
Are you okay?
I'll always have your back, headman.
Thanks, man.
Hey, Nawa…
Do you think I'll be good enough
to lead the merfolk?
I believe you will.
Just like Uncle Chan did.
What's wrong?
Nothing, really.
From now on, we'll have to
face a lot more than before.
I don't know if I'll be able
to handle it.
But I believe that
as long as I have you by my side,
I can get through anything.
Nawa,
I want you beside me, always.
Hmm?
Is there was something I could do for him?
I hate seeing him like this.
There's nothing we can do right now.
We don't even know what Phurit's thinking
or feeling.
Maybe…
he's trying to find his own answers.
Right.
Let time do its work, Phana.
I was just about to head into town for a bit.
Mind if I tag along?
♪ The sky... that looks so vast, ♪
Let me ask you straight.
All of your actions…
♪ The sky... that looks so vast, ♪
Are you hitting on me?
♪ with the sea that I see as vast. ♪
That's right.
I'm hitting on you.
♪ Just looking at the waves every day.
There's no way we'll meet. ♪
♪ Our hearts... that beat together. ♪
♪ But the world never listens. ♪
♪ It's just a parallel line waiting for a miracle. ♪
♪ Even though in reality... there are many rules.
That doesn't allow us to be together. ♪
I brought you something.
♪ But love is about you and me. ♪
A mermaid keychain.
I saw it and thought it was cute,
♪ But love is about you and me. ♪
♪ It's not anyone's. ♪
So it reminded me of you.
It reminded you of me?
♪ No need to tell the world that we love each other. ♪
Yeah.
Ever since I came to Khen Island,
♪ Don't tell anyone and make it complicated. ♪
Two things always come to mind,
One, the legend of the mermaid,
♪ Let you be my world. ♪
And two, you, Nawa.
♪ Let us live in a new world together. ♪
♪ No need to tell the world that we are a couple. ♪
♪ Because it's not important. ♪
♪ As long as we have the same feelings. ♪
♪ As long as you're with me, ♪
♪ as long as we love each other. ♪
♪ No need to tell anyone. ♪
♪ The sea... holds many secrets. ♪
♪ And we are not so different. ♪
♪ Keep our love a secret
and don't tell anyone. ♪
♪ Even though in reality... there are many rules.
That doesn't allow us to be together. ♪
♪ But love is about you and me.
It's not anyone's. ♪
♪ No need to tell the world that we love each other. ♪
(Love each other.)
♪ Don't tell anyone and make it complicated. ♪
(Complicated.)
♪ Let you be my world. ♪
(My world.)
♪ Let us live in a new world together. ♪
(A new world together.)
♪ No need to tell the world that we are a couple. ♪
(Couple.)
♪ Because it's not important. ♪
What kind of drink
Would you like today?
♪ Because it's not important. ♪
Usually, what do
♪ As long as we have the same feelings. ♪
People in love order?
♪ As long as you're with me, ♪
♪ as long as we love each other. ♪
(as long as we love each other.)
♪ No need to tell anyone. ♪
♪ When we can't be together, ♪
♪ underline it as forbidden love. ♪
(underline it as forbidden love.)
♪ Even though we accidentally met ♪
♪ But there has never been a day ♪
♪ that I... ♪
(I...)
♪ accidentally fell in love with you... ♪
Thanks…
for not shutting me out.
I just wanted to share my experience
with someone who's never dated before.
Then be my first.
(Love each other.)
(Complicated.)
(My world.)
(A new world together.)
(Couple.)
(What is important?)
(as long as we love each other.)
(underline it as forbidden love.)
♪ that I... ♪
Oh, Ping, where's Phana?
Accompanying the guests at the shop.
It's been a few days now.
How have you been, Mr. Phurit?
I'm not sure.
There are a lot of emotions.
But the clearest one is
longing.
Can I ask you something directly?
Are you afraid of or disgusted by mermen?
Not at all, Ping.
I'll be honest,
I was shocked
when I found out the truth,
because I never believed in
things like this before.
But now I understand,
and I accept that they exist.
I'm not scared or disgusted in any way.
Then what about Nawa?
What do you think about him?
Even though I'm not afraid
or disgusted that Nawa is a merman,
I just don't know how to
handle this relationship.
I don't know what's appropriate
and in appropriate,
right or wrong anymore
especially since Nawa decided
to live with his own kind.
You'll never truly know
how he feels unless you
hear it from him directly.
And about what you said
that you don't know how to
handle the relationship
that's not strange at all.
My mother felt the same way.
In the past...
I used to think she hated me
because I was a merman.
But after we talked, I understood that
she just didn't know how to deal
with the fact that her son was one.
Even now,
I still don't know how to deal
with all this.
But one thing I do know
is how much I love you, my son.
I love you, Ping.
I can't bear to lose you.
Then let's start over again, Mom.
You have to ask yourself,
do you love Nawa enough?
Because if you can't stand
the thought of losing him,
then stop worrying about
how to handle the relationship.
Sometimes,
feelings have to come before reason.
Mr. Phurit.
If I tell you the truth,
can you promise me one thing?
Promise you won't leave me.
Nawa…
I don't know
what you're about to tell me,
but I promise
I'll stay by your side no matter what.
And one more thing,
I truly believe that if Nawa had a choice,
he'd still want to live his life with you.
Thank you, Ping.
You made me realize something.
The rest is up to you now, Mr. Phurit.
Have you ever seen one, then?
For this question,
I'll answer that question the day you truly
believe mermen exist.
I think I know now, Ping.
Why are you here?
I know the truth now.
Where did you take Nawa?
You really want to know?
Then step over my dead body first.
(Love each other.)
(Complicated.)
(My world.)
(A new world together.)
(underline it as forbidden love.)
(Next Episode)
If Nawa and I truly can't be together,
then that decision should be ours
not anyone else's.
You really think this problem
is that simple to fix?
You called for me, headman.
What do you need me to do?
Take this information to
the humans who hunt mermen.
Once they kill the mermen,
make sure you kill the humans too.
Leave no evidence behind.
Grandpa Samut, please help Mr. Phurit!
I don't know what's happening to him!
This man has been poisoned
by a merman's poison.
To save him,
he must drink the blood
from a merman's heart.
I hope what I'm about to do
can repay the love you've given me.
I love you, Mr. Phurit.
♪ The sky... that looks so vast, ♪
♪ with the sea that I see as vast. ♪
♪ Just looking at the waves every day.
There's no way we'll meet. ♪
♪ Our hearts... that beat together. ♪
♪ But the world never listens. ♪
♪ It's just a parallel line waiting for a miracle. ♪
♪ Even though in reality... there are many rules.
That doesn't allow us to be together. ♪
♪ But love is about you and me.
It's not anyone's. ♪
♪ No need to tell the world that we love each other. ♪
(Love each other.)
♪ Don't tell anyone and make it complicated. ♪
(Complicated.)
♪ Let you be my world. ♪
(My world.)
♪ Let us live in a new world together. ♪
(A new world together.)
♪ No need to tell the world that we are a couple. ♪
(Couple.)
♪ Because it's not important. ♪
(What is important?)
♪ As long as we have the same feelings. ♪
♪ As long as you're with me, ♪
♪ as long as we love each other. ♪
(as long as we love each other.)
♪ No need to tell anyone. ♪